[Music]
press the panel to accelerate
[Applause]
bring it on
lift your finger during turns to slow
down
[Music]
oh man
I love being me keep winning to earn
stickers and unlock new cars that was
fun made her thanks sorry I beat you
again oh that's okay buddy
by God Luce I'm glad that you did you
you want to go again
sure but aren't you getting a little
tired of racing on the same old track
nah but if you are we could add some new
drinks do it come on huh check out this
here crazy dude nice but check out this
loo oh and I got one last surprise he
get ready is about to strike
[Music]
[Applause]
I got this
[Music]
[Applause]
never no lightning will strike awesome
you just unlocked a new car unlocking a
car also unlocks its racetrack
[Music]
hey Todd glad you're here you're just in
time to help me out Wow I'd love to help
you practice lightning you're kind of a
hero to me Oh I'm not practicing I'm
gonna host a track building slash racing
extravaganza cars can build their own
tracks fill them with tricks then race
on them want to give it a try me design
a track for Radiator Springs what an
honor where do I start here's a starter
track give it a spin Fillmore wants to
join in you up for a race let's go let's
go let's go it is lightning McQueen
[Music]
this is gonna be good
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
check out this but you can use coins and
gems to buy items from the shop come on
let's go oh yeah how awesome is this
[Music]
so ready for this
to begin
[Music]
[Applause]
not bad for a rookie Madeline cider to
be here
[Music]
what does lightning say oh yeah focus
so ready for this
Oh